by boats. So you get a flatter, overall
sound signature, the same noise canceling and longer battery
life these air good for 30 hours with active noise
canceling on, and that makes them just an insane
product from Sony. We still love these guys.
Let's talk about the newcomer, though. Job run
, one of our favorite headphone brands and really a
brand that has emerged in the last couple years to
lead the market in a couple places. This is
their first premium noise canceling headphones, and it's got
a couple things to set it apart. The first
thing is that it offers a whopping 36 hours of
battery life with noise canceling on. That's six hours
longer than Sony, 16 hours longer than those.
And that means you'll be able to fly around the
world with these babies without having to power them up
. They also sound quite good. We put them
somewhere between the Sony in the bows they don't offer
after X or L D A. C. But
they sure do sound flat and warm and make all
of your favorite tune sound great. One place that
we're not quite as big a fans of these headphones
as we are, the Sony in the boat is
the noise canceling. They don't white perform as well
as these two other premium headphones, and that's okay
because they cost$50 less just$300 that makes them
one of the best values you'll find in premium noise
canceling headphones, a place where you don't often talk
about value. So I spend a lot of time
with a lot of headphones. What are my favorites
? Well, I still have to go with the
W H 1000 X mark three. They're just an
obscenely awesome pair of headphones. They sound amazing,
the noise canceling, Amazing. They're amazingly comfortable.
They have amazing battery life. There's a lot of
amazing things going on here. If you want to
save 50 bucks and you want even longer battery life
, these jobbers are a fantastic new option, and
I'm really excited to see this company stepping into this
space. I can't wait to see what they do
with second and third generations the same way Sony has
. If I were to buy a pair of noise
canceling headphones and I had$350 I would not buy
the boat's QC 35 to. And it's not because
the noise canceling is bad or because they sound bad
. It's just because the Sony's costs the same amount
of money, have 10 hours more battery life and
have better sound overall. So if I'm making my
decision, it goes 123 and there you have it